Wei Wei, it's useless for you to ask this trash now.
Tell me it's alright
You shut up
Did you hear what gang it was?
What's the use of hearing it clearly?
You are a chaos that only knows how to fight and kill
It's good enough that you don't hold Weiwei back
White Tiger Will White Tiger Will What White Tiger Will
Hmph, Young Master Li, did you know that the White Tiger Association
I know the blue dragon and white tiger
Suzaku Xuanwu
It is the four newly acquired foreign gangs of Tiger Lord
Every gang leader is very powerful
The reputation is very loud throughout Yunzhou
Yeah, yeah, yeah, me, me, I just heard that.
They say they are
They say they say we
We, we, we negotiated the White Tiger Club.
Jiang Tiansheng
Jiang Tiansheng is the son of the president of the White Tiger Society
Jiang Zhen, the president of the White Tiger Association, is a high power
And joined the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Offending one of them offends everyone
Even Lord Tiger values them very much
Li Shao, you're fine, don't worry a little bit?
Just in time
I have an uncle who does business with the president of the White Tiger Club?
Don't worry, as long as I send a text message.
I must beg for you.
Where is Zhenzhen now?
At Emgrand KTV
There is Lao Li
We are not a family without entering the door
Ok, I've sent it.
Let's go directly to the KTV to lead the people later.
Don't you have to wait for the news over there? Don't worry.
This little thing is a police officer for us
Not worth mentioning. Okay.
The boy quickly mobilized all the brothers to Emgrand KTV
Who dares to touch a hair on my daughter?
I will destroy him